
cover img desc: a row of different colored crayons with cartoon dogs on them and a fireman on the front

>>> kid_img2puzzle tokens: 1122
<<<
Color Recognition:
1) Which is green dog crayon?
2) Which is purple dog crayon?
3) Which is blue dog crayon?
4) Which is yellow dog crayon?
5) Which is black dog crayon?
6) Which is pink dog crayon?
----------
Shape Recognition:
1) Which crayon is in the shape of a rectangle?
2) Which crayon is in the shape of a square?
3) Which crayon is in the shape of a circle?
4) Which crayon is in the shape of a triangle?
5) Which crayon is in the shape of a star?
6) Which crayon is in the shape of a heart?
----------
Common Animal Recognition:
1) Which dog on the crayons has spots?
2) Which dog on the crayons has floppy ears?
3) Which dog on the crayons has a curly tail?
4) Which dog on the crayons has a collar?
5) Which dog on the crayons has a bone in its mouth?
6) Which dog on the crayons has a fireman hat on its head?
----------
Simple Counting:
1) How many crayons are in the picture?
2) How many dogs are on the crayons?
3) How many colors are on the crayons?
4) How many legs do all the dogs on the crayons have together?
5) How many paws do all the dogs on the crayons have together?
6) How many eyes do all the dogs on the crayons have together?
----------
Numbers Recognition:
1) Which crayon has the number 1 on it?
2) Which crayon has the number 2 on it?
3) Which crayon has the number 3 on it?
4) Which crayon has the number 4 on it?
5) Which crayon has the number 5 on it?
6) Which crayon has the number 6 on it?
----------
Emotion Recognition:
1) Which dog on the crayons looks happy?
2) Which dog on the crayons looks sad?
3) Which dog on the crayons looks surprised?
4) Which dog on the crayons looks angry?
5) Which dog on the crayons looks scared?
6) Which dog on the crayons looks excited?
----------
Size Comparison:
1) Which is larger, the blue dog crayon or the pink dog crayon?
2) Which is smaller, the yellow dog crayon or the purple dog crayon?
3) Which is larger, the green dog crayon or the black dog crayon?
4) Which is smaller, the pink dog crayon or the blue dog crayon?
5) Which is larger, the purple dog crayon or the yellow dog crayon?
6) Which is smaller, the black dog crayon or the green dog crayon?
----------
Addition and Subtraction:
1) What is the sum of the numbers on the green and yellow dog crayons?
2) What is the difference between the numbers on the pink and blue dog crayons?
3) What is the sum of the numbers on the black and purple dog crayons?
4) What is the difference between the numbers on the blue and green dog crayons?
5) What is the sum of the numbers on the yellow and pink dog crayons?
6) What is the difference between the numbers on the purple and black dog crayons?
