
cover img desc: a row of different colored crayons with cartoon dogs on them and a fireman on the front

>>> kid_img2puzzle tokens: 1122
<<<
Color recognition:
1) Which is green dog crayon?
2) Which is purple dog crayon?
3) Which is blue dog crayon?
4) Which is yellow dog crayon?
5) Which is black dog crayon?
6) Which is pink dog crayon?
----------
Shape recognition:
1) Which crayon is shaped like a rectangle?
2) Which crayon is shaped like a triangle?
3) Which crayon is shaped like a circle?
4) Which crayon is shaped like a star?
5) Which crayon is shaped like a heart?
6) Which crayon is shaped like a square?
----------
Letter recognition:
1) Which crayon has the letter "D" on it?
2) Which crayon has the letter "E" on it?
3) Which crayon has the letter "G" on it?
4) Which crayon has the letter "J" on it?
5) Which crayon has the letter "M" on it?
6) Which crayon has the letter "N" on it?
----------
Common animal recognition:
1) Which crayon has a picture of a dog with a red collar?
2) Which crayon has a picture of a dog with a yellow collar?
3) Which crayon has a picture of a dog with a green collar?
4) Which crayon has a picture of a dog with a blue collar?
5) Which crayon has a picture of a dog with a pink collar?
6) Which crayon has a picture of a dog with a purple collar?
----------
Counting:
1) How many crayons are there in total?
2) How many dogs are there on the crayons?
3) How many dogs have green collars?
4) How many crayons have a blue background?
5) How many crayons have a red background?
6) How many crayons have a yellow background?
----------
Addition and subtraction:
1) If you have two green dog crayons and three purple dog crayons, how many dog crayons do you have in total?
2) If you have six crayons and give two to your friend, how many crayons do you have left?
3) If you have five crayons and buy two more, how many crayons do you have in total?
4) If you have three dog crayons and give one to your friend, how many dog crayons do you have left?
5) If you have four crayons and lose one, how many crayons do you have left?
6) If you have seven crayons and give three to your sister, how many crayons do you have left?
